I was referred to in that document as espionage R, espionage Russian.
I probably had a duty search going into the situation of communist infiltration in the
most laid out laboratory.
Yes, and at the far as you know, at the time we received that document, none of the individuals
named and had them suspended, even the parents that were available to all of the security
officers at Fort Monk.
Let me answer you this way Senator, especially remember without having the documents inform
me, they were a number of people named in that document that the regulatory information
was still working at the radar laboratory at Fort Monk and who had not been suspended,
that who have now been suspended since we began our investigation.
If I can recap the Fort Monk situation as you know it and I realize that we have been
denied the positive information from the military, so we have to take a piecemeal.
This is roughly correct, but over the past number of years prior to our investigation,
there were some 35, I believe, so you are roughly 35 individuals who were suspended by
the commanding officer.
Both of them found unsafe to serve by the First Army loyalty board.
Then they repealed to the training board in the Pentagon and almost let exception, maybe
there are two exceptions.
There were some facts that were working at the Secret Red Alibatory.
Yes, sir, you were told in my presence by people high in the military that the top screening
board had been almost consistently reversing the case of the people against whom there was
powerful evidence of communist activity and overruling the finding of this loyalty by
law board and by commanding officer.
Just one or two other questions.
I find myself more or less in the role of the Panther-Pernie Corps, Mr. Steven, which
is unusual for me, but Mr. Ralph intonated that Mr. Steven's offer to Rath, Rath on
the Air Force, Rath on the Navy, offered to be a traitor to the other servicers.
Is it not correct, Mr. Tone, that there was no such an offer made that all Mr. Steven's
offer to do was to give us information about what they thought was wrong doing and there
was nothing of a racking nature involved, nothing that you've even remotely referred to
as a space near being a threat.
Oh, absolutely not.
Otherwise, they were offering the information with any loyal Americans to get.
I certainly thought nothing in that, sir, which would justify the righteousness of
us.
And could you, the final question would you and I agree that when Mr. Ralph intonated on
the other servicers of the best, about as unfair as saying it as as simple about Mr. Steven,
either you nor out of this, the many rooms.
Yes.
Helen Kriller.
Well, that's the cold.
Once again, Adam said that interview and I'm looking at your memorandum.
Both there was plenty of dirt there on the cold.
Did Adam say that?
Yes, sir.
Where did he mean there was plenty of dirt, these other branches of the North Earth.
And they are airports and the Navy.
And he says they, who do you mean by they?
I would apply that with Mr. Adam, sir.
And Mr. Steven.
Is that right?
I would say, sir, that's probably for it by my own hands there.
Who haven't used the pronounium properly, have you, sir?
I might very well.
Well, do you want to tell us you did?
I mean, sir.
Do you want to say you used the term properly?
I used the word on it, sir.
Well, what do you think the word they refer to unless it refers to Steven's and the
ad?
I think it refers to Mr. Adam and his organization, the people who work with him.
Do you think it is?
Anyhow, it refers to Adam's doesn't.
Yes, it does.
And they would furnish up the leaves.
Yes.
Did he say that?
Yes, he did.
Well, then, isn't it just this difficult?
He says there's plenty of dirt in the other two services.
He does that.
Is that right?
Yes.
And we will furnish the leaves.
That's right, isn't it?
Yes.
Now, that's precisely what they say.
It's precisely the terms they say.
Now, Mr. Cole, let's not duck it.
If you had taken that offer, you put some then on when you waste.
Gone over to Steven's and Adam's and said, within the other two services, we're going
stock with you, but come on, kids, let's see the dirt and the leaves.
You would have had a right to say that, wouldn't you?
And they had promised you that show you the dirt and the leaves.
Haven't they?
Yes, that's right.
And you want to say that, doesn't sound you like rapping?
Sir, I just tell me, doesn't that sound you like rapping?
Sir, I would like to say that I can tell you what was said in that occasion and leave it.
You just told me that they said there was plenty of dirt and they were furnished the leaves.
I'm asking you, Mr. Cole, has one man to another.
Doesn't that sound you like rapping?
No, so I don't think I'm saying that.
You don't think it is.
I don't think I've said words to you enough.
Mr. Cole, when you look at page 1866 of the records, his volume's in.
I get it right away.
Why'd you go ahead and start reading just to help?
No, because I want you to look at it, Mr. Cole.
Sure.
Time out, I'm leaving.
Reckoning it.
Mr. Cole, have you tabbed the page?
Yes, I have.
May I?
Yes, may I say, Mr. Cole, this is the reason why I'm going to say now that the test warning is prepared here.
Yes, this is a page where, if you will look back, I think two pages you'll find looking at 1864.
I was there earlier, Mr. Lambert, I think.
Mr. Lambert, I think you'll speak.
Yes, Mr. Calder.
And I'm looking at the last full paragraph on page 1866 and I call your attention to these words of the senator.
I received information also to the effect that, and Roy checked with me on this.
But in 1949, there was a report made of the same nature from the FBI.
Did you check with the senator on this while he testified?
No, it's a receipt.
Can I go back in a minute?
Yes.
What a question, sir.
What a question is.
The senator has to be checked with him.
You notice that.
He says, as Roy checked with me on this, you notice those words.
And then he says that in 1949, there was a report made of the same nature from the FBI.
My question to you is, did you check with him?
Yes, sir.
I think what happened with the well-twentess senator turns me in to follow this and see if I'm...
Check with him.
Now, there's no mystery about this, this code.
Of course, we all gathered from that.
That in 1949, there was an FBI report of the same nature, don't we?
I would say that the page shows that there were...
The point of the thing is that there were a number of warning yons on the FBI.
Well, that's what I wanted to develop.
Yes, sir.
There was one in 1949 from the FBI.
Is that right?
Well, as I noticed.
And you were the senator having?
No, sir, I don't think we have it.
Well, you had it at some time, did you not?
No, sir.
Notice the next phrase, complaining of what would appear to be apparently ex-binant.
You noticed that phrase?
Yes, I noticed.
Then, September 15th, 1950.
Did you check Mr. Senator when he spoke those words?
I don't remember whether I had it or not.
Have you an FBI report?
Of that thing?
No, I...
Look at the next thing.
Now, over 20-something else.
We didn't have that thing.
We were always checking against the very close.
We had some memorandum in the file, giving the state of FBI 1.
Not setting forth the details of the warning.
We had another one, I think, or a two or three or four memorandum with state.
That in the following years, in some cases, you get the exact date, some cases a month.
The FBI sent warning to G. Tull and the Army about it.
Did you all right?
Now let me read this whole sentence to you.
And then come back over again.
May I am a soldier?
Because I have certainly got a very long impression from it in view of what you're now apparently saying.
Sorry.
To go back a way and read for several lines.
The senator says, I received information all told to the effect.
And Roy check with the Army that in 1949, there was a report of the same maker from the FBI.
Now that's clearly the reference to a 1949 FBI report, isn't it?
No, so this...
Complaining of what would appear to be apparently FBI.
September 15, 1950.
October 27, 1950.
December 1950.
Again, December 1950.
Again, June 5, 1961.
January 26, 1961.
I believe that is the one we have here.
February 13, 1961.
February 1952.
June 1952.
September 19, 1952.
January 1953.
April 10, 1953.
And the young man who gave me this information was deeply disturbed.
That is why he gave it.
Because there was no action taken by the Army to get rid of the individual after the FBI had given the ACM police record.
Have you read that with the head?
No, I'm not.
By the way, I request the Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, we have a request that the Chairman now ask the...
The Robert and Charter, Mr. Adams, Mr. Wells, for the freedom to...
...select the report.
And see whether or not the dates that I gave were actors,
whether or not they received warning in those days.
And whether they had to do with...
...a ledger, you know, just for the Monuments.
I think that's very important because...
...I gather Mr. Wells here is trying to create a theme question that because I did not have the...
...document physically in my possession,
...but they might not have an existence, my think it's very important now that the chairman...
...the mill of those documents were in existence that they were not in existence, so I could be clear.
I wonder if Mr. Wells wouldn't have his plans to make a search and tell us tomorrow morning whether or not those dates are correct.
I will tell you this, Senator.
If there are FBI reports of the nature that you talk about and the nature is yours,
...under my concept, the law I will tell you nothing about them because I believe...
...and if the FBI reports of his marked confidential, is confidential.
Mr. Chairman, I ask the witnesses.
Mr. Chairman, you order.
And his funds to be available requested, and here we call.
But with the same questions as Mr. Evans and Mr. Stevens,
...many days back in the testimony, at which time they agreed to detect the files and the chairman,
...whether or not those certificates were quite clear, they were not going to disclose the content,
...they were simply going in the case whether or not the information you had with them.
They shared his not-know-what-of-the-quest that there was an invite with.
He stated that the subject is in correctional resemblance, but he was out there,
...he was back in the record and determined whether or not they were supposed to be placed made and that's up to him.
And if it was, then he takes the information to be made.
But, at the time that the president of my company was a stringent about,
...I think I think a written number in them.
Somebody over on Mr. Welch's death, giving the date of the FBI's communication,
...that's like a fixed measure.
The reason that that's a question was that, and the reason that we totally will get the information.
So, let's call.
Oh, that's an obeyed until I pass that I just have to correct the right to make sure.
And the senator asks you to check with me on this.
With what did you test there?
I think I have there Mr. Welch and I don't have a sentence like election.
I think I probably have there a memorandum which is in our file,
...which sets forth the sort of chronology of communication between the FBI and the Army,
...containing what the Fourth Amendment,
...right-all adversary, communist central trade, did you?
If you get that from the young man who was deeply disturbed,
...I believe that that changed the standard from the young man.
...this young man that was deeply disturbed, yes sir.
And if he, I may have misunderstood this record, sir.
Yes sir.
But if he or if he not, give you some of the documents.
Not that the file I know in the present number, talking about the answer that,
...to my knowledge, the only one in the day with the one we have here.
I think anyway, 26, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19, 19 jestees.
I think senator McRodney said a little earlier than what you read.
I received information also to the effect that they all law a report, so on so forth.
I think if I recall it, he told us that on such and such states,
...reports have been sent over, there have been communications back and forth,
...and which the FBI had warned about the situation of communist infiltration at Fort Launth.
Well when this informant gave you and the senator,
...the one day is February, January 26, 1951, he gave it to the senator.
You must have learned about it, Tom.
I don't know how from there, sorry, I learned about it.
Did you learn the date of the other one for the peer in the record here?
I did learn that at some point.
Did you ask informant for those?
No, I did not.
Did the senator ever ask for them?
I don't know.
It was a good time with his fire.
All right, Mr. Jenkins.
The chairman passed on the move.
What's the column just one of the questions where the record shows?
On page 50384, that's the money I've given.
The one-shot and senator.
First I'll ask you if you have any special in eastern western western shine.
I know it's made by special in the secretary's opinion.
On the in-friend's ship, we have thing he often does,
...and buying it at him, goes through them to the ordinary friends.
Not a single very good friend, my half-the-half, I have a lot.
Fort Launth, having a lot of them.
Now then I want to meet you this testimony.
On page 50384, the record is up today.
Mr. Jenkins, as I recall, he was reading from one of the monitors call to send the record.
It is one of the two things I have seen him completely unreasonable about.
I was told from some of the records that I call him and he I'm not told to you as I understand it.
He takes days to be a general and works from the turnout of the world.
Now your boss first to file the letter, that is, that's his statement.
Now is that your statement?
No, I don't think he's satisfied with that.
A lot of his statements are sworn to you and the letter is sworn, that's the moment that he said it.
So I've one statement and a lot of statements from the first of his phone call.
Well, I didn't take any of the evidence you want to answer them.
I'm just asking about that if it's true or false.
Is it true or false to send him a call to send that to secretary?
No, what is it?
What is the truth?
That I was completely unreasonable?
Yes, I'll say this.
Like I explained before, we've had discussions about their problems and I just make the point that I thought,
Cheyenne, why, whether you consider that you were completely unreasonable?
No, I did not think I was being unreasonable.
You don't think so?
No, I did not.
And he says that you thought the day should be as good or worse than I was to set off to the world or I.
You don't think that to you?
No, of course not.
I never said it.
I'm not sure if you never said that to me.
You learned certain about the truth?
Well, so I never heard of a general who was working for you.
I was.
Of course, that's an exaggeration.
Absolutely strange.
Sure.
But I wonder if you don't say something about the truth.
I didn't say that.
I might have said it.
You think I did it?
Probably did.
I don't think it's a question of being suspicious there.
I think that you read the old conversation.
You would see that it was certainly a good nature.
I thought they read them all.
Or they had them monitored by the world.
And I had shown.
Yes, I think there are few reads of all conversations.
I think you'll see that there was.
Well, the point I like to talk and the point I make is I realize the last thought of them is suspicious.
But at first thought it was statement to be very suspicious.
He found you very only even more about Dave John.
He got told to say, uh, Senator, this was a question of finishing up the committee work.
Whether I was on reason, or completely unreasonable or not,
and thinking he had to work, so no more thoughts.
There is something which I was glad I had you.
I spent a lot of time.
I don't know if I was going to talk to you.
You need to object to questions on this.
Now I want to get to you, but you can hardly tell you that.
All right.
My testimony is that I don't think I was unreasonable in believing that he had a right to be forced and finished this work.
Well, why the statement was made to be unreasonable?
I would have imagined it was made to be 30% of the trust he brought,
but I was unreasonable and some of this worked my feet down.
I was off stage.
That's what my interpretation was.
Now, before the next discussion, to ask by another person.
I have a voice, Alex.
Any McCockey?
Just one and a half minutes.
I gather and I'm sure it's not difficult.
I talk with Frank, just the impression that I claim to have all of those FBI documents a bit forgiven.
He said he must understand the testimony.
I was the gentleman who caused the memory with the trust that made of that time.
I accepted that time as I recall.
Well, the anti-intelligence session,
Stephen, I'm not a little bit of a tech date,
not a little bit of an FBI document.
The left-hand citizen, Kenneth McCockey,
and the department for that.
But, to a curiosity impression,
I have said that we had all of those documents in that position,
which was not true.
I'm living for the lieutenant.
The lieutenant from the Supreme Court.
I was the lieutenant.
Is the two in the court of page documents from the FBI that we kicked around this room?
The only FBI confidential copy to secret documents.
You've got documents.
You are the senator or anyone on your staff.
Everly, the me pertaining to the subject might have hit the...
Yes, sir, or any FBI documents?
No, I can't say anyone, so I can say as far as I know,
it is the only one we received in connection with this list here,
the Zionist Man, if the...